In the wholesome novel I had written, I was now stuck in a not-so-wholesome situation, experiencing one of the most intense events in the entire novel firsthand as the victim.
The many rooms of the Demon King’s fortress had inscriptions written at the entrance. The script was cryptic, clearly not something I could have known, yet strangely, I was able to read it. It was the stereotypical plot armor where the protagonist could suddenly read anything they set their eyes on. Experiencing this myself felt ridiculous; being able to read something that is written in a language you’ve never seen before is a very perplexing sensation.
I wandered around numerous rooms, including the grand dining hall, the kitchen, the armory, the magical supplies inventory, the alchemical laboratory, the prison cells, and even the stable, but amid all these rooms, there was no sign of secret passages or escape routes anywhere. I guess it wouldn’t really be called a secret passage if it was this easy to find but I couldn’t help but wonder whether they even had emergency exit doors here.
Being able to read all the signs was indeed fascinating, but it was entirely useless in my current situation.
The Demon King’s fortress only appeared in the prologue of the novel and was never mentioned again after, so not only had I forgotten the way around this place, I’d forgotten this place even existed!
In other isekai stories I’ve read, when the author finds themself trapped inside the novel, they are able to swiftly locate where everything is and know all the locations like the back of their hand. But in reality, that was truly nothing but nonsense. Even though I’m the one who wrote about this place, I didn’t have a clue where I was!
I hadn’t even considered this location before. As a matter of fact, there was no reason for me to care about a place that wasn’t even the main setting. Even assuming I had written this location in detail, it was so irrelevant to the main story that I would have instantly forgotten about it regardless!
The only possession I had was nothing more than elaborate clothing befitting a Demon Prince. I didn’t even have any special magical items or artifacts on me.
In most cases like this, there ought to be a secret passage somewhere within the royal residences, but I had no idea how to get to my own room because I’d randomly spawned in the corridor.